Salty Ginger-Ade;Ingredients
1 Medjool date, pitted
1 pinch Fine sea salt
1 pinch ground cumin
1 oz Lime juice
6 oz High quality ginger beer
Garnish: Mint sprig
Steps
Add the date, salt, cumin and lime juice to a shaker. Let sit for 5 minutes, then muddle well so the date is pulverized.

Add ice and shake until chilled, then pour the contents of the shaker into a tall glass.

Fill to the rim with ginger beer and stir well to combine. Garnish with a mint sprig.#Fresh Strawberry;Ingredients
3 Fresh strawberries, quartered
1 oz Gin, vodka, rum or tequila
3/4 oz Strawberry liqueur
1/2 oz Cranberry juice
1/4 oz Fresh lime juice
Garnish: Strawberry slice
Steps
In a shaker, muddle the strawberries to release juice.

Add the remaining ingredients with ice and shake.

Strain into a coupe or Nick & Nora glass.

Garnish with a strawberry slice (optional).#Bloody Mary;Ingredients
1 Lemon wedge
1 Lime wedge
2 oz Vodka
4 oz Tomato juice
2 dashes Tabasco sauce
2 tsp Prepared horseradish
2 dashes Worcestershire sauce
1 pinch Celery salt
1 pinch Ground black pepper
1 pinch smoked paprika
Garnish: Lime wedge
Garnish: Green olives
Garnish: Parsley sprig
Garnish: Celery stalk
Steps
Pour some celery salt onto a small plate.

Rub the juicy side of the lemon or lime wedge along the lip of a pint glass.

Roll the outer edge of the glass in celery salt until fully coated.

Fill with ice and set aside.

Squeeze the lemon and lime wedges into a shaker and drop them in.

Add the remaining ingredients and ice and shake gently.

Strain into the prepared glass.

Garnish with a parsley sprig, 2 speared green olives and a lime wedge and a celery stalk (optional).#Tequila Sunrise
;Ingredients
2 oz Blanco tequila
4 oz Fresh orange juice
1/4 oz Grenadine
Garnish: Orange slice
Garnish: Cherry
Steps
Add the tequila and then the orange juice to a chilled highball glass.

Float the grenadine on top.

Garnish with an orange slice and a cherry.#recepie1;title1#recepie1;title1#recepie1;title1#recepie1;title1#recepie1;title1#recepie1;title1#